good but a barbecue to look for
review I only see the presentation some
coal stones out of the safety car
They will roll with a paper or aluminum and
put in the band was born with this
method can see how it got noisy
in the background there usually plays meat
as if it were a problem in a
barbecue all here at the end of each to
normal kitchen
Let's put it on my paper.
let them lean against the sides and go
also put a sausage
can put around the same just does not give
to mix you can find up to
tongue can lean against the
only can not mix white meat and
red meat in that stuff
certain
at first it's ready now it's just
close now goes on high fire up to how
catch start to sizzle
when you start to find it low as
expected 20 minutes exactly 20
minutes you are ready and the wheels for
cause of pressure
the hertha like the map
barbecue is not the same but already deceased
now let's see how it got in its vast
then exactly 20 minutes later
will begin today started to lower the fire
more than one wife, it was the pressure to stay
with her
haha ha
seems reasonable
There is no pitanga but ok
in the past as I like
the Korean in the middle will okay more
passed on the last standard route
on here
the tongue
fine
We make a barbecue for a person.